Unattainable existence
You are the third runner-up
What right do you have to say such a thing?
I may not have this qualification for others
But I'm a bargain for you
I am qualified
I am the pride of Zhaojiacun
I am the third runner-up in the Olympic Games
What about you? What are you?
You are a waste of carving
It was taken care of by someone else
Is a liar with integrity
Don't tell me to give you a lifetime
I'll give you ten lifetimes.
I am also the existence you need to look up to forever
What are you so proud of?
My scene will come out in a while
My ranking will definitely be higher than yours
Zhao Ruolan
You know what you're saying?
My son is an Olympian
You said you were closer than him
You are the runner-up
Is it the champion?
Principal Zhang said you are the champion
Do you really think you are the number one in the world?
Principal Zhang
Look at what you've done to this kid
What are you talking about?
When the official results are announced later
Don't get slapped in the face then.